.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH run 1  "runner 0.12.0" "Runner Manual"
.SH NAME
run \- Run a project task or exec a command through the detected package manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrun\fR [\fB\-\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-pm\fR] [\fB\-\-runner\fR] [\fB\-\-fallback\fR] [\fB\-\-on\-mismatch\fR] [\fB\-\-explain\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-warnings\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\-version\fR] [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-sequential\fR] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-parallel\fR] [\fB\-k\fR|\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR] [\fB\-\-kill\-on\-fail\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fITASK\fR] [\fIARGS\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run a project task or exec a command through the detected package manager
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-dir\fR \fI<PATH>\fR
Use this directory instead of the current one
.TP
\fB\-\-pm\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Override the detected package manager (also reads RUNNER_PM when omitted). Valid: npm, yarn, pnpm, bun, cargo, deno, uv, poetry, pipenv, go, bundler (alias: bundle), composer
.TP
\fB\-\-runner\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Override the detected task runner (also reads RUNNER_RUNNER when omitted). Valid: turbo, nx, make, just, task (alias: go\-task), mise, bacon
.TP
\fB\-\-fallback\fR \fI<POLICY>\fR
What to do when no detection signal matches: probe (default, PATH probe), npm (legacy silent fallback), error (refuse). Also reads RUNNER_FALLBACK when omitted.
.TP
\fB\-\-on\-mismatch\fR \fI<POLICY>\fR
What to do when the manifest declaration disagrees with the lockfile: warn (default), error (exit 2), ignore (silent). Also reads RUNNER_ON_MISMATCH when omitted.
.TP
\fB\-\-explain\fR
Print a one\-line trace describing how the package manager was resolved. Also enabled when RUNNER_EXPLAIN is set to a truthy value.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-warnings\fR
Suppress all non\-fatal warnings on stderr. Also enabled when RUNNER_NO_WARNINGS is set to a truthy value.
.TP
\fB\-\-schema\-version\fR \fI<N>\fR
Pin JSON output schema version (1 or 2). Defaults to latest. Affects \-\-json output of doctor/list/why only.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-sequential\fR
Run the given tasks sequentially. Conflicts with `\-\-parallel`
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-parallel\fR
Run the given tasks in parallel. Conflicts with `\-\-sequential`
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-keep\-going\fR
Run every task in the chain regardless of failures. Conflicts with `\-\-kill\-on\-fail`
.TP
\fB\-\-kill\-on\-fail\fR
Parallel only: SIGKILL siblings on first failure. Accepted but unused in sequential mode
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.TP
[\fITASK\fR]
Task name or command. When omitted, prints project info
.TP
[\fIARGS\fR]
Arguments forwarded to the task/command, OR additional task names in chain mode. Same `trailing_var_arg` trade\-off as `Cli::Run.args`: bare forwarding supported (`run test \-\-watch`); chain\-failure flags must precede task names in chain mode
.SH VERSION
v0.12.0
.SH AUTHORS
Kaj Kowalski
