.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH runner-run 1  "runner 0.12.0" "Runner Manual"
.SH NAME
runner\-run \- Run a task, or exec a command through the detected package manager. With `\-s` or `\-p`, runs multiple tasks as a chain
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrunner\-run\fR [\fB\-s\fR|\fB\-\-sequential\fR] [\fB\-p\fR|\fB\-\-parallel\fR] [\fB\-k\fR|\fB\-\-keep\-going\fR] [\fB\-\-kill\-on\-fail\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fITASK\fR] [\fIARGS\fR] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Run a task, or exec a command through the detected package manager. With `\-s` or `\-p`, runs multiple tasks as a chain
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-sequential\fR
Run the given tasks sequentially. Conflicts with `\-\-parallel`
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-parallel\fR
Run the given tasks in parallel. Conflicts with `\-\-sequential`
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-keep\-going\fR
Run every task in the chain regardless of failures. Conflicts with `\-\-kill\-on\-fail`
.TP
\fB\-\-kill\-on\-fail\fR
Parallel only: SIGKILL siblings on first failure. Accepted but unused in sequential mode
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
[\fITASK\fR]
Task name or command to execute. In chain mode, the first task in the chain
.TP
[\fIARGS\fR]
Arguments forwarded to the task, OR additional task names in chain mode. `trailing_var_arg` + `allow_hyphen_values` support the documented bare\-forward shape (`runner run test \-\-watch` → `\-\-watch` reaches the task). Trade\-off: chain\-failure flags (`\-k`, `\-\-kill\-on\-fail`) must precede task names in chain mode (`runner run \-s \-k build test`), since anything after the first positional is consumed as a forwarded value
.SH AUTHORS
Kaj Kowalski
