.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH runner 1  "runner 0.12.0" "Runner Manual"
.SH NAME
runner \- Universal project task runner
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBrunner\fR [\fB\-\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-pm\fR] [\fB\-\-runner\fR] [\fB\-\-fallback\fR] [\fB\-\-on\-mismatch\fR] [\fB\-\-explain\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-warnings\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\-version\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-V\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR] [\fIsubcommands\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Universal project task runner
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-dir\fR \fI<PATH>\fR
Use this directory instead of the current one
.TP
\fB\-\-pm\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Override the detected package manager (also reads RUNNER_PM when omitted). Valid: npm, yarn, pnpm, bun, cargo, deno, uv, poetry, pipenv, go, bundler (alias: bundle), composer
.TP
\fB\-\-runner\fR \fI<NAME>\fR
Override the detected task runner (also reads RUNNER_RUNNER when omitted). Valid: turbo, nx, make, just, task (alias: go\-task), mise, bacon
.TP
\fB\-\-fallback\fR \fI<POLICY>\fR
What to do when no detection signal matches: probe (default, PATH probe), npm (legacy silent fallback), error (refuse). Also reads RUNNER_FALLBACK when omitted.
.TP
\fB\-\-on\-mismatch\fR \fI<POLICY>\fR
What to do when the manifest declaration disagrees with the lockfile: warn (default), error (exit 2), ignore (silent). Also reads RUNNER_ON_MISMATCH when omitted.
.TP
\fB\-\-explain\fR
Print a one\-line trace describing how the package manager was resolved. Also enabled when RUNNER_EXPLAIN is set to a truthy value.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-warnings\fR
Suppress all non\-fatal warnings on stderr. Also enabled when RUNNER_NO_WARNINGS is set to a truthy value.
.TP
\fB\-\-schema\-version\fR \fI<N>\fR
Pin JSON output schema version (1 or 2). Defaults to latest. Affects \-\-json output of doctor/list/why only.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.TP
runner\-run(1)
Run a task, or exec a command through the detected package manager. With `\-s` or `\-p`, runs multiple tasks as a chain
.TP
runner\-install(1)
Install project dependencies, then optionally chain tasks (`runner install build test` → install → build → test, sequential)
.TP
runner\-clean(1)
Remove caches and build artifacts
.TP
runner\-list(1)
List available tasks across all detected sources
.TP
runner\-doctor(1)
Diagnostic dump: every signal the resolver considers in this dir
.TP
runner\-why(1)
Explain how a specific task would dispatch (sources + PM trace)
.TP
runner\-completions(1)
Generate shell completions
.TP
runner\-help(1)
Print this message or the help of the given subcommand(s)
.SH VERSION
v0.12.0
.SH AUTHORS
Kaj Kowalski
